add link to guides for using gateway api in gettingstarted page (#4639)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/getting-started.md

* To learn how to secure proxied routes, see the [ACL and JWT Plugins Guide](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/configure-acl-plugin/).
* The [External Services Guide](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/using-external-service/) explains how to proxy services outside of your Kubernetes cluster.
{% if_version gte:2.6.x %}
* [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) is a set of resources for

> configuring networking in Kubernetes. Now the kubernetes ingress controller supports Gateway API by default. To learn how to use Gateway API supported by the kubernetes ingress controller, please refer to [this guide](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/using-gateway-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuring networking in Kubernetes. The Kubernetes Ingress Controller supports Gateway API by default. To learn how to use Gateway API supported by the Kubernetes Ingress Controller, see [Using Gateway API](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/using-gateway-api).
```
